your noses in the only thing
that can smell things you can
smell through your skin and that
was a big surprise in one of our
expeditions
I dive into a lot of these
underwater caves that we call
blue holes and maybe about 30
feet
you hit my fees wild-looking
colors
that's actually the pigment in
the cells of individual bacteria
and you start smelling something
well you're smelling hydrogen
sulfide gas
and it's that same rotten egg
smell that you get out of
sulphur springs that in high
concentrations is extremely
toxic
you have a regulator your mouth
you're wearing a mask so it's
not coming in your nose you're
not breathing it in yet
you're smelling hydrogen sulfide
and it's actually going through
the pores in your skin
the end up spending enough time
in it
you stop smelling it actually
get into the olfactory knows and
that's a sign we used to
ourselves that we been in it too
long
get through it or come up these
animals live in our buildings
they go on our roots they even
go into the sewer system
get away from traffic and people
and can move for considerable
distances using those